All right.
So we have admin layout.
We have also layout.
Now, are we going to create a subscriber layout because there will be certain pages only available
for.
For subscribers.
Two subscribers will have access to only maybe comments, comments and then profile missing.
Only these two pieces will be available for.
Everyone who logs into our application, they will get the different all of software.
All right.
So let's go ahead and work on that as well.
So for that, first thing you want to do is put your back in because we need to make a request to the
current admin current.
Also in a similar way, we have to make a request to get current subscriber.
All right.
So let's go to some of.
Wrote us.
So we have got an avant garde author in his copy.
Then put it down here tends to current score to subscribe for this one.
All we need is request and we don't really need anything this square signing and if the user is logged
in, that's all right.
So tune this to actually read the same card user.
If the user is logged in, they will receive the response.
Okay.
True.
That's it.
That's the endpoint to take for this subscriber user.
Priceless clues that go back to client and pretty months.
We can simply this copy the existing.
The navigation and the layout and make very small changes.
All right.
So let's go to our components NAV.
Let's create the NAV first.
Let's copy off and then copy on that.
Put a new fire.
That's called.
Subscribe now, Curtis.
It's best to turn this from often to command.
F find and replace.
Subscribe and have.
Okay.
So here.
As you can see, these are not used to read out no voice code.
You can see and remove that and move that.
So anytime you see some of the components in art, you take control of that.
Okay,
so subscribe now.
What do you want to say?
We want to show a few options.
The main one is this from?
Subscriber.
You should be the best.
Their support for subscriber.
So we have to create a space where they will lend to subscriber
posts will not be for subscribers list and that library will not be for that user.
Remove comments.
Yeah.
We leave the comments in this from having to.
Scrum.
Profile will be for this.
Users will subscribe.
Awesome.
Basically these all these three bases we need to create, one is the dashboard, one is for comment.
Y is for profile.
Beautiful.
So good.
The navigation for subscriber is good created layout as looks it's copy this off the layout copy on
create a new file so for now this turns this to command f auto layout since that to subscribe.
Now.
Let me go back to the previous one.
So scrambling now.
So scrapping that, I guess that's why these two not used.
Okay.
Also, lay out some family out here.
Let's go on top.
Bring the subscriber in now.
All right.
Brenda.
Subscribe now.
And when we make a request to use effect, this should be current subscriber.
And instead of automatically so subscribe and then that is all.
All right, so we have the navigation, we are showing the navigation on the sidebar and then we show
the content using subscribe and build.
Now let's use this layout and create.
Some are desperate for the subscriber and two more bases, one for comment, one for profile, which
we going to implement later.
Also bases, we have these two folders, screen and a folder.
So, Cheryl.
Quit Index fund.
And Next Steps is read out on comments during teams.
And last one to find it is.
Thank you.
So let me grab some.
What do we have here for the.
Awesome.
So also index.
Author index you.
I mean, this communist system makes it easier.
Good to subscribe to index based here.
Let me turn this to subscribing.
I'll be based here.
Also listen to this from offered to.
Subscribe.
This is subscriber base.
All right.
So that's a subscriber base.
That's the best food limits competition.
The best here.
The comments.
Comments.
Copy, paste and profile through to this to find copy.
Based.
And that is all.
So we just created this dummy basis, but they have the layout applied.
All right, so let's come here.
Let's try and log in as a regular user so we may have some user friendly name or you can just sign up
any new user after layout subscriber index.
So.
Oh, we haven't.
Yes.
Since is sending.
Comments.
Common sense were intense.
And go to profile since you.
You can see when you log in any regular user, they get redirected to slash subscribe and this is what
they see.
They have the dashboard, they have the phase, and they have the profile of this beautiful.
The profile has some weird link is fixing it.
Substrate allowed so square.
And now let's see why that link.
Looks a little different.
Okay, so we have like this subscriber.
You can just leave it like that for no subscriber.
Profile.
What happened here?
Sorry to be so far.
From far.
Okay.
So profile that profile.
So what we did here to let's say is a file in.
Subscribe.
Okay.
All right, so let's subscribe.
Beautiful.
So we get the subsequent profile comments and the decimal.
Now we have the laird for all types of user admin, author, subscriber, author is able to create post
on do delete the same way the media.
So we've done quite a lot so far.
Now, moving forward, we're going to go back to admin and just implement some more things.
We have to two things like list of users showing the list of users for the admin so that admin can make
them give them a different role like offer they can make and can make another admin as well.
If you want to make make them also maybe update or delete as well.
So admin should have that right.
And.
We're going to work on the profile object in our profile, and it will be used for all the users and
you'll be able to object his profile.
Also, we'll be able to upgrade his profile.
So that will be shared across all these different user with the different roles.
And then.
We're going to work on showing the posts, implement the comment system for the posts and there is some
more exciting stuff.
But as you can see, we have already done quite a lot so far.
So if you have made it so far, which I'm sure you did, you should be really proud of yourself.
So it's, it's it's quite a lot of work.
Beautiful.